[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is jeff ramsey
with me as always andrew panton and
gavin free hello
okay
it's you i mean you okay gavin just said
hello what's wrong with that i think it
was a discord thing it like cut out it
just oh
yeah i heard you just made a noise cut
out and you just went
oh i just tried to give a oh
hello
it was a pretty disjointed hello on our
end
[Laughter]
uh
andrew
hello
how are you doing buddy
uh
not the best but we're we're making it
we're okay why why not the best
okay well this i guess we're going right
in right into things i mean with 100
ankle integrity and you're not yeah 100
yes uh i've covered right now so that
that is complicated
yeah so i've coveted we just did a whole
episode of you having come and you
didn't even tell us
well
it ties to the grocery aisle thing and
that never really came up says
i waited it came up well i came up in a
way that i didn't want to get into
because it's a long we're going into
maybe a long story
conveniently it came up with the last 10
minutes and we need to do two episodes
it didn't make sense for me to unspool
yeah
the last episode playing zayn or vozloo
he did
which is a great game did you get
coveted in cap no
no i did not i have not i i that did not
begin so
i i'm in a position to do this i haven't
done it obviously because i've covets
that complicate i can't just go to the
store i've been quarantining
um
but i was talking because i'm sick i'm
like talking to my mom all the time
she's calling me constantly and i i
talked to her about
the the end cap thing and i was like
yeah i can't do the end cap thing and
she was all about it
she is all into this end cap idea she
thought it was so funny she was like
well i'll do this i can get stuff from
the end cap for you and i'll just drop
these groceries off and i was like you
don't need to do that it's fine it's
some sick and we could just do this
another time so no no you want to do
this you talked about you're going to
bring this up on the show we can do this
this is no problem i will go to the
grocery store i will take photos of the
end caps and then you can let me know
what you want on the end caps and i said
this
your mother is awesome she's the antsy
salad cream yeah no but no but my mom
for context doesn't she is she's got an
iphone 6 which is like probably 10 years
old at this point it's very old phone
she doesn't know how to use it she
constantly puts it on silent silent mode
and doesn't know how to reverse it she
is not tech
uh based in any way she's completely
inept when it comes to tech so it's
incredibly sweet that she wants to do
this but i just see a million ways in
which this is going to be complicated
and not go the way that it was intended
to i said it's very kind you don't need
to do that it's very sweet of you if you
want to you can and she's like i'm going
to do it so it's like okay so i've been
waiting waited earlier in the day
she texted me i'm at the grocery store
then there was
like a 30 or 40 minute break for a day
or anything and i thought what is
what is going on
she then she calls me and she said
andrew i took all the photos
i'm trying to text you i took 67 photos
oh no i'm trying i'm trying to send them
to you all at once and it will not go
through what do you want to do about
this do you want me to just tell you
what's in all the end caps one by one
and then we could add it i'm like no
just fine just just uh
relax like maybe sit in your car and you
can just send me some of the photos and
chunks if you want to or we could just
scrap this idea entirely we do this
later she's like no it's fine i'll send
them in caps
so i got i was getting them in like
blocks of 10 but it was 67 photos
and uh
i'm not in no way going to make fun or
attack my mom but it was jeff level
quality some of these
some of these pictures the decisions
some of the choices i'll post
yeah do you have any two of them i can't
wait i'll take that as a compliment by
the way let me show oh i was doing it i
mean he made don zimmer wink so it's
like this this is one of the sides of
the end caps it's just the left side of
it and it's just it's just tostitos
it's a salsa corner it's like i'm not
gonna want salsa
i don't i'm not a typically a salsa guy
and on top of the fact of i don't know
why you're just taking a photo of just
that scene well she clearly is thinking
about resolution you know she thinks
maybe you won't be able to see the
prices or the names if she's further
away she's going in for details she is
she went she went all out so she took i
think with 67 photos
we went through it all i picked i got
very lucky i'm living if there wasn't
one the freezer you know how there's
like a deli section and then at the end
of the deli like across from it there's
an end cap this is uh
um i'm in the wrong section i'm gonna
text there was a section a little
freezer section that had
chicken in it
bags of chicken oh i got bags of chicken
so i had that going for me that was a
good one
no evidence whatsoever that's an end cap
i understand they're all close as i said
she's zooming in on things
[Music]
it's a serial end cap that's a pretty
good one that's a lot i could work with
there that gives me some confidence i
can make it
what's vecta
a vector is a canadian cereal that i
loved as a child and i had recently
doesn't hold up i think they changed the
recipe it wasn't that's not come up in a
big cereal conversation exactly i i was
lost in european cereal gavita
when you're showing the honey monster
vector does not track it is not worth
mentioning vector there's nothing funny
about it it's just athletic
cereal these characters are so small by
the way gavin you're you're peeking in
in the top right of that photo of all
the cereal you are yeah
the little creeper crunch in the top
right yeah is there a cereal called
creeper crunch there sure is yeah wow
that sounds exciting that makes total
sense there's a thrilling thrilling row
of uh
that one's mainly
but also some annie's pasta in the
bottom which i like
as well you got the best hand caps in
the i think she's misunderstood end caps
no i went over this with her i was very
clear i had this argument with her i
can't you got the best store in the
world i think that's an end cap it looks
like an end of an aisle i agree nick
but it's not it's nice like the end of
an aisle
yeah that looks like she's she's delved
in
i don't think that's true because we
were very clear we went back and forth
on this and like do you understand and
she's like yeah not in the aisle at all
just the things on on the on the night
even
agrees with me even i agree too i looked
at that and i said i don't think that
that's an end cap and uh we clarified
and she she argued it was
i can't go to the store to confirm that
that's true but i'll show you this is
what i got from my first first set up
it's not a fun few days of food but it's
certainly livable
uh i got some ramen
got a few bags of ramen i got some
blueberry some blackberries uh they were
in the section with the chicken i got
two chickens to roast
uh tostitos
lime rounds which i've never had but
tostito lime flavored chips are
incredible it's a top-tier chip
and uh there is a little bit of a mix-up
with the real fruit i did not want uh
real fruit gummies
there was a shelf
there was a shelf that was real fruit
snacks
and uh she mistook that
for a different shelf that featured real
fruit gummies i think i saved the photo
of were they 12 bucks
yeah
how much was this hole
that's a great question i don't have the
answer to that i should look at the
receipt
so how are you going to prepare
so
you basically got chicken and fruit
this is the there's a lot of candy
aisles not including the 30 images of
candies and ships of just various aisles
she grabbed the real fruit from the
candy section and not the end capped
real fruit
snacks two different end caps of
real
this
is they're different end caps they are
different products
they're two different brands i think i
think one maybe they're not maybe
they're just different variations i
don't know i haven't looked through i am
so [__] excited to go to this grocery
store and whenever we go to canada and
see for myself
well i'm excited i will confirm i'll
make sure
i'll make sure but i'm pretty confident
that everything is end cap valid
uh either way i just i just want to walk
through these hallowed halls and see
where it all happened
so yeah i don't i think maybe i'll do
the ramen
without seasoning and have it like as a
i don't know but i have two chickens to
work with and some fruit and and how
long is this lasting you
um well the annie's can easily be a meal
itself so those could be like two meals
the ramen's four uh
this is probably like five days if i
really stretched four days
and how are you how are you feeling you
are really glossing over the fact that
you have coveted right now yeah i don't
feel great i'm tired
it's been like both physically and
personal life not the best of times why
didn't you tell us we could have easily
moved this recording no because i don't
want to move it because i might i might
need to move stuff coming up so i just
wanted i wanted to do this and it's fun
it's fun to spend time with you guys
that's true i always have fun are you
recovering are you getting better
yeah i'm good i'm all good i'm like it's
i'm fine i'm just exhausted
i'm like on day three day four okay but
a few days i have a question about your
end cap selection of course did you make
choices
to potentially
you know this is like one hall and then
if you do another order from the end
caps you'll get different stuff or was
this pretty much everything that you
wanted from the end caps this is yeah
this is like uh ideally i'm gonna do
another another run of it at some other
time that was so you've deliberately not
gotten stuff that you may get next time
yes i feel like i'm surprised you don't
get any cereal
we yeah i should have done that i just
i've had as i said last episode i just
went hard on some cinnamon toast crunch
over the last few days so cereal just
doesn't feel like a thing i'd want to
but it's a clear item i [__] up i
should have put cereal on the list i
mean unless there's no milk on the end
caps oh i don't drink they're actually
oh [__] that isn't that is actually
there was i didn't include that i forgot
that in the photos and that's not in the
thing i got milk and a thing of butter
so
huh that butter on an encap too
they own like the deli section end cap
yes what wasn't on the end cap yeah this
should be that should be a feature that
should be all canadian super
supermarkets should just advertise come
to canadian supermarkets all in caps all
the time never go down an aisle kind
did i not say yeah i think i forgot to
save them i'll pull it up right now it
was like a deli that's where i got the
fruit too
there was really only one end cap that
had meaningful food outside of that
there it's just snacks
it's mainly rows of chips and salsa
and root beer
uh
it's a disaster as far as doing this
i think it's very store dependent on how
viable it is as a challenge i might try
this challenge myself just out of
curiosity i would love to see your
results and compare what your end caps
are like compared to mine yeah i might
try the heb by the office oh that's a
that's a very that's a gets a big hub a
new hpv
uh very fancy heb they're to have a lot
of in-cap options for you
i'm going to go wide on my pictures
that's hey i'm i agree i was a
photographer here
she took jeff's master class i think
this is the uh the milk butter end cap
how is that that's a big one that's just
an aisle no it's the the end what do you
mean it's at the end of the row
i uh
it's a transitional end cap i don't want
to kick a man when he's got covered but
he's photos no
each photo
each photo weakens your case man i got
it i'm saying stop listening to photos
listen i'm not helping i hate to say it
i'm saying i think your mum has salad
creamed it
no i don't think so i think we we're
very clear i'd be shocked
and you know when you guys come here i
can show you this [__] end cap and i
wanna expect i wanna be wrong i wanna
have so much i want to i want something
i need to believe proven wrong we have
to go here i i can't wait for you to be
proven wrong i feel like
i feel like
because it's against a wall or something
he like there's some kind of trickery
going on here where it's like well
technically
this is again this is the end because
it's not an aisle that's what i think is
happening that's what i'm anticipating
here
no it's not it's i think it's if you
stood at the front of the store let's
say like between the aisles see this is
what i see
listen how it's going already listen to
how it's going already
is is that not an end cap
the thing at the end that is part if the
to the right is definitively if it had
chips on it you'd be like that's a
[__] end cap
yes
it's between the two aisles in the front
facing wait between two aisles well you
know what i mean like when an end cap is
always between aisles it's at the end
it's the front facing end can you draw a
picture and circle what you're talking
about no we need a diagram
okay
uh sure how will i draw this
i don't even know how to have a piece of
paper and a pencil
how did you draw the banana you made
that time it was awesome banana by the
way so okay
i got a here
it's just there's too much there's
something going on here that like i just
i need to lie i'm trying to figure out
how they've conspired together yeah 100
because here's the thing i don't think
his mom
did it purposefully like i don't think
she really went like i'm gonna really
get them here
but i do think that it's in their dna
that is exactly i was gonna say i have
salad cream running through my veins so
it is very possible this has curd
but it's not it's not anyone's fault so
i'm going to draw
a line
okay we got a line
we've got a line that's an hour
how he says these things and then says
but it's not my fault
he's already diverting to genetics it's
really something like it was just by
food that's at the end of an
aisle it's like against the wall he's
gonna draw the whole grocery store and
do like magic tricks no no no no no no
no no let me let me take a photo of this
okay
we got it we got a line
what no how am i supposed to draw
jeff why don't jeff what do you think
we're about to see i'll i'll wait until
you answer
i'm gonna tell you what we're about to
see we're about to see gold we're about
to see absolute gold no no no no no this
is i feel very clearly this is what an
end cap is you have the line going down
that's the aisle and then two nails
standing
you want me to put [__] lays in the
corner you want some chickpeas what are
you lazy if you tweeted that if you
tweeted that said what did i draw
no one would say end cap
they would say upside down golf tees
i will challenge that right flick it now
you'll get you'll get a couple of nails
and some golf tees nothing else
how is that not how would you draw it
that's the lines or the aisles there's
two spaces between that you walk in the
middle of and the end caps go before the
lines
you can't go into any of the line part
you can't cross the end cap line that's
the that's top line tea towel level of
effort
well what do you want i don't [__]
draw i don't understand the criticism
what would you do you draw it gavin i
want to see yours
show me how you do it
i'm not ready with a paper all right
hold on oh and i wasn't ready either you
think i was ready i asked how do you
draw that's how unready i
was what did i draw is that all i'm
saying yeah okay
what did i draw
find out we'll see end cap and cat will
be quick
how would you make adjustments to it i'm
drawing okay
jeff are you drawing in a cap are you
i'm drawing yeah okay
you're gonna have a [__] triangle
with the nose at the top of yours i've
seen your drawings i mean for jeff it's
not really about what he draws it's
about the picture that we get of it if
it's gonna be able to be like really
visible
the first reply was flamingo legs
wow that was fast two plungers
two a lot of two plungers i mean nobody
this is just gonna be chicken legs you
really like
you [__] yourself what a bad idea what
a bad idea it was no
what a bad idea i literally have no idea
i guess candlesticks what did i draw is
what you wrote that's incredible
no one there are i'm looking at 15
replies and no one has guessed what you
draw like th you're this insane hmm well
i know yeah get yourself in bud
i no i feel like i accurately with
contact thank you jeff oh [__] look
at you show off over here you got
[__] so many lines
so many aisles i think it speaks for
itself
uh at the front you have three checkout
counters with three checkout people then
you have three long rows and you can see
i drew arrows to the things that you can
eat
it says stuff to eat and then at the
back it says stuff to eat next to the
meat counter and then in the middle it
says off limits because you're not
allowed to eat any of that stuff
i feel like that's pretty solid i see a
lot of wasted lines if i'm going to be
critical of this i see a lot of
unnecessary information you're creating
a lore i think if you tweeted this image
and said what did i draw everyone say
groceries that's a different argument
that's not what i just didn't come into
i'm gonna tweet a thing that i drew and
see how many people get it right like
that wasn't the goal it was contextually
within this conversation of what an end
cap is i just it's the minimal i did a
minimal but clear
where the end cap zone is definitely
minimal andrew yeah it was yeah why am i
going all out we all know what an egg
cap is
andrew's art is like jazz it's what he
didn't draw
oh my god
oh you're taking a while kevin um my
microsoft paint crashed oh i see
i thought you're adding a teller and
giving them a name and a whole [__]
backstory backstory
great yeah they work here part-time this
is phoebe she
she's been working here for six months
while she's saving up to go back to
school
[Laughter]
oh
gavin's is a different take but very
good great start the stars are the end
cap
should i just call my mom should i ask
what an egg cap is
a drunk
and then take a photo of it but very
close up i'll get it drawn in cap i like
your people is that are those people any
of us gavin or
yeah that's you and me [__] and we're
shopping on opposite eyes that's the
area available to you for shopping yeah
no that goes into the aisle that's a
[__] drawing what are you talking about
what do you mean what
the line the star line above the stars
you're in the aisle at that point above
the stars
unless that's a blank space oh okay
never mind between two shows
i understand i thought it was a row i
thought it was a row i missed i missed
red i misread what you're talking about
yeah there's no people in there that's
why i just thought it was an empty row
no i should have like blanked it out
it's okay i mean that that does not
exist in a grocery store that space
well it's just top of the shelf
i understand it's not that it's not it's
not that spaced out that's a that's the
same size as your rose
it's a little smaller cause i'm sick
okay and i'm doing this bit
i'm making it work you're trying my best
you're doing a great job buddy honestly
it's way better than what i expected i
just i didn't realize i was gonna get
called out for the uh next time you
asked me to draw something oh there's
gonna be complexity and i do not want to
hear dude you drew one of the best
bananas i've ever seen last time we've
actually drawn something
it is a great banana we were just
expecting that quality emily's insult of
my drawing was so funny what was it was
like um what did she say she said that i
draw like an innocent child i think
that's what she said it was so funny i
don't remember the exact wording but it
was perfect it's a great descriptor
yeah well you definitely you definitely
draw golf
[Laughter]
nails and golf tees like an innocent
child uh
well what are some of the other
responses to your tweet oh let me let me
open it back up i closed it at flamingo
legs um thanks gavin just you know for
clary gather yeah that's now you know
what i would have no questions that's
where they store all their grown tubes
there are 52 replies and none of them
have guessed right
traffic cones big bird legs
the pull chains for a ceiling fan
i think the the color choice is really
turning people's uh opinions
yeah i couldn't find a pen
let's just call my head
well i i'll use like a felt thing an art
brush what did i use
uh
pit artist pawn brush
i'm mainly annoyed that i'm not annoyed
i'm disappointed that your photo doesn't
show anything about your life other than
the picture usually there's a glimpse of
oh yeah on the side but it's just
completely
drawing
yeah we usually get a little unintended
andrew but
it is i don't know
i drew it on the instructions for an
electric s'mores maker that i received
recently that is
next to me so i just need like a candle
like a little flame no remember before i
was
melting the marshmallows with the candle
and i was told that that is a terrible
idea that you're essentially eating wax
yeah so uh for my birthday i was given
uh an electric s'mores maker what is it
it's just like a heat gun or like what
what's going on it's it's uh yeah it's
just like a ah what's the that that's
what it is oh
it's got like a heat spool inside
you flip the switch is that just like a
dewalt heat gun with
the smallest holder on the side
sort of
does the does the chocolate not melt
just being in proximity of the
the heat gun i it might i don't know
i've never had it with chocolate around
it i have toasted some marshmallows it
works great it's a great product i like
that it's 360. like you have access to
every size oh yeah full turns yeah yeah
it's perfect i would try that is that
electric uh what do you mean by that do
you plug it in and use electricity or is
it well it hasn't
button yeah oh yeah it does it's nice
yeah you plug it i just didn't see the
on button sorry that's why i was
confused that works great yeah what have
you made what what thing shouldn't you
have made with it that you made
i wondered if i could no i haven't done
ramen i have considered toast
uh i think it could work with toast i
have had those thoughts of what could i
do with this i wondered if i could
if i could like heat up hash browns
maybe with it it'd be tough you know
what i'm pan on top
i bet you could do
you've got those real fruit plant-based
mellow medley melange gummies i'm
looking at i bet you could melt all
those down and then form them into one
giant gummy in a shape of your choosing
i bet you could have a gummy
infused s'more oh that sounds terrible
definitely i don't i don't want that you
could death crackers
yeah but between the the marshmallow and
the chalky a nice slab of gummies
nah no thanks
i like the meltdown idea that's you're
going somewhere with that i'm gonna
think about that you know how sometimes
when you have gum or like a candy and
you squeeze it and then there's like a
like a burst of flavor from the middle
that's like some sort of a jelly or
whatever you could
you could invent uh a new product
that people get into like s'mores where
you cut a hole
like a little slit in in a marshmallow
and then you stuff the gummy in there
and then let it close back up and then
when you heat that then when you eat it
you get a little a little
melted gummy surprise
that hey that's not a i've heard worse
ideas
if you could really draw for me what
you're thinking i'd appreciate that in
great detail to really that'll sell me
i'm not gonna do that but sure
i don't think that one needs it you know
what no i will i don't think any of them
needed it
a lot of big bird likes
someone will get it
no one will get it
someone eventually will get it i think
uh contextually you know what it was
though within the context of the
conversation were happening it made
sense
i'm excited to see uh i'm excited what
are you doing are you actually drawing
something you asked me to draw that's
right i was just being silly
i draw stuff it was not a hard one
what does it say on your drawing there
jeff stuff
stuff to pot
all of the drawings will be on instagram
just by the way yeah of course
it's the area that's safe for him to eat
stuff
uh boom there you
go that's good gummy marshmallow yeah
that works
i think i suppose this is science i
think it's mostly yeah it's going a it's
an a
i imagine i apologize for that
uh
i can i can redo that
i'm excited for the updated picture
i'll let you know how the chickens go
how are you going to cook them uh
probably oven just in the oven speed
them up throw some salt pepper on it
maybe i don't know i guess i can't [__]
i can't season it yeah you i can't see
that
that's the problem
you didn't buy any drink well i assumed
that i could just have water i don't pay
for like like most of i drink water a
lot of the time that's fair i didn't
consider that i think i would need a
drink i just don't want you you know
getting pepsis out of the fridge or
whatever
how long do you have to do this for i
think it was a week right so yeah
starting today
or tomorrow depending on if i cook the
chickens oh i'll stir today update the
photo for you that's great you didn't
just change the e to an a
no no no
i'm not trying to hide it
i also like that it's on the back of
your other truck
it is
it is on the back of saving put it in
the
face museum we got more art
i appreciate the vote of uh my abilities
but i don't know that it's worthy of the
museum
andrew what have you got for the museum
have you got any of the stuff you've
destroyed or ruined you got a basket uh
yeah i still have the basket like do you
have the exploded kettle thing
pot the exploded kettle pot no well what
was that like the broken bowl
yeah
i broke the bowl no the bowl is gone i
don't have the bowl anymore i don't have
the waffle bomb anymore do you have the
hot dog maker
i still have the hot dog maker i still
i still have the trash bag of fire
extinguisher remnants and when we fired
that
that's still here we should collect all
of our museum stuff and take pictures of
our collections so far but that we
should you have you have the bts sauce
still right i still have all the bt i've
gone into my supply a little bit the
market is not it's not great you could
dig it in well a little bit well you
can't have any this week
can't have any of this week that's right
what about
the pat the waffle mix pancake mix oh i
still got like 50 pounds of that forget
spins
speaking of how long can you eat
something after it expires yeah i think
that's do you do you still have the
sushi container you tripped on no i
think the sushi container's gone sadly
yeah that's gone isn't there anything i
still got i got the bottle of shampoo
that i thought was between my ass we
still got that
yeah
yeah you gotta keep that one i got the
some [__] hats i got not the rooster t
store bats i got a few things i try to
keep keep at least one of everything how
is not the rooster teeth store going are
you still operating that uh it's still
not a store
it is continued in that yeah i think i
let the domain expire i think it's just
out there now so someone else could run
a not store
i'm trying to think do you have anything
else
i think that's it do you have what would
you say is your greatest
collectible item related to the show oh
i got a signed um
signed card from gavin oh yeah what do
we did we sell the signature what was
that yeah well one of the bats came it
was the bat it's the 50 baht
yeah i bought one of the black bats and
i got a gavin card i don't think i have
a black bat
i got some stuff i got the uh
the thrice to meet you obviously i've
got two extra copies of inside on vinyl
um
i feel like i definitely have some stuff
you definitely do
[Applause]
with the last week of the preseason
coming to a close the nfl season is
right around the corner and i couldn't
be more excited there's no better way to
start nfl week one action than with
draftking sportsbook an official sports
betting partner of the nfl to celebrate
the return of football draftkings is
giving new customers a can't miss offer
bet just five dollars on any football
game and get two hundred dollars in free
bets instantly want even more excitement
as soon as the game kicks off everyone
can experience the thrill of draftkings
early win promotion get up seven
you win bet on any nfl team of your
choice and if your team leads by seven
points at any point during the game you
get paid instantly even if your team
loses draftkings is safe secure and
reliable and best of all you can deposit
and withdraw your cash whenever you want
download the draftking sportsbook app
now and use promo code regulation to get
two hundred dollars in free bets
instantly when you place a five dollar
bet on any football game that's code
regulation only at draftking sportsbook
and official sports betting partner of
the nfl
this message is brought to you by better
help
when you're trying to sort through
problems in your life it can stack real
fast once it gets overwhelming it can
almost feel like a fire internally that
won't stop spreading
as well equipped as you might be in
working through those problems
having the ability to talk with someone
about what's going on can be incredibly
helpful i started going to therapy
because i was going through a lot of
things that i realized i couldn't get
through alone and it was one of the best
decisions i've ever made it helped me in
so many ways so if you're someone who
could use some help i'd always
personally recommend trying therapy
betterhelp is a fantastic option that is
both financially accessible while
allowing you to have the sessions from
the comfort of your own home after you
complete a survey you'll be matched with
a therapist and if for whatever reason
you'd like someone else it's easy to
make that change
when you want to be a better problem
solver therapy can get you there visit
betterhelp.com
face today to get 10 off your first
month that's better h-e-l-p-com
face
growing up i had quite a few people in
my family who smoked and i saw the
process firsthand of what it was like to
try to quit and then to try to curb
those cravings after quitting it's so
difficult it's it's something that can
be a real challenge for people and if
that's something you're going through i
have a product that you should check out
called fume
fume is the natural inhaler designed for
better safer and a natural way to quit
cigarettes it's a no smoke no vape and
no nickname replacement for the
hand-to-mouth habit of smoking
fume handcrafts wooden inhalers and uses
cores infused with plant oils studied to
curb cravings they have flavors like
peppermint and conquer with minty notes
to simulate menthol cigarettes and other
flavors like cozy chai and lemon berry
bliss for a sweeter experience and all
of their flavors are 100 natural no
harmful chemicals no artificial flavors
and absolutely no nicotine
quitting is tough but fume really can't
help they've got thousands of five star
reviews from smokers who have tried
everything else and this worked
if you're somebody who travels quite a
bit another great thing about fume is
you can use it in the air and in the
airport it's a huge difference maker
so whether you're a smoker or ex-smoker
who still struggles with cravings fume
is the perfect tool for you
head to breathe the fume dot com slash
face and use promo code face to save ten
percent off your entire order that's ten
percent off your entire order when you
head to b r e a t h e f u m dot com
slash face and use code face
i you know what's i threw away the beef
bracelet well i ate the beef bracelet
threw away the
i threw away the two spicy icy
i gave the wrist pocket to somebody and
i don't know who because rebecca said it
wasn't her ah i was about to find that
if anybody has my wrist pocket my pocket
promo give it back
the gesture was that i gave it to you
now just your back
uh you have a cosmic crisp and you're oh
i have a cosmic christmas fridge so it
reminds me i got a reply back from the
cosmic chris people oh [__] about that
the past
um
it's not it's not the best of updates uh
yeah
they replied thank you so much for
sharing because i sent them some fan art
that somebody made and our community
costa chris was very cool uh then they
said i will listen to the podcast before
the end of the week and i'm super
excited to share with the team
oh
god
i was told that i should have sent the
episode
uh where we discovered the cosmic crisp
and had a lot of excitement about there
being a new apple yeah that would have
been the way to go that was the right
move that was the right well now we know
now we know
i'll let you know if i hear back from
them never got a reply from kevin
donovan about us owning the tuxedo
can you imagine being kevin donovan and
just we're not only receiving these
emails from andrew and he's like i want
you to be on a podcast uh and he's like
uh yeah maybe and then he's like what's
it about it's like oh we [__] on you a
bunch he's like okay never mind and then
like three months later he's like hey i
bought your tuxedo from your movie you
made
before i went on survive block island i
dm'd like three survivor winners being
like i got any tips didn't hear back
from any of them
no replies from any of them
who did you hit up
i i dm'd uh
tyson adam and michelle
i think michelle okay fitzgerald adam
klein and tyson apostle speaking of
tyson are you keeping up with the uh the
challenge usa yeah i've wanted to text
you about it dude that i just watched
the most recent episode ty well
the swimming episode where tyson had to
drag uh that person from love island
is tyson the greatest reality tv show
competitor of all time that was insane
that he won that that was insane
well he swam he was like a competitive
swimmer in college and he got a college
scholarship through swimming they had to
do this challenge gav where they're on
one boat and they have to jump off a
boat and i mean like
like a
i don't know like an old rusty like
like
some sort of a work boat it's not a
pretty boat it's not a yacht or anything
and they have to dive off like maybe
10 12 feet into the water and they swim
feet i believe or 450 yards
and then
they have to look at a
like a
i don't know something bobbing in the
water and on it as a code like a
numerical code of like 10 digits then
they have to swim another 100 yards
climb up onto another boat and then
there's a ton of barrels and on the top
of the barrels and when i say a ton i
mean like 60 barrels and the barrels
have different number patterns on the
top and they have to run around and find
their pattern open it up if they get the
wrong one they have to swim all the way
back and start over again if they get
the right one they take two puzzle
pieces or a pile of puzzle pieces and
then they have to start all over again
and go back and do it again to find the
second barrel and then to retrieve all
their puzzle pieces and the guy
tyson who you'd know from survivor he uh
like the blond dude with the ponytail
who won and was on like three or four
times he his partner wasn't a very
strong swimmer and so he
she just laid back like on her back and
he pulled her the entire time and then
when they got there she opened up the
wrong barrel so they had to go back to
the beginning and do it all over again
so he had to do it an extra time
and pull her
through the entirety of it while
swimming and he he still won and beat
like 10 other teams it was insane it's a
great episode it's a great season it's
especially the last few have really uh
amped up i'm enjoying it quite a bit
there's a dude from uh another dude from
survivor who was a nfl player who had i
don't remember his name but he had like
long dreadlocks and he's like a real
muscular dude and he talked about he's
like i'm not the best swimmer in the
world but looking over while i'm
swimming and seeing tyson swim past me
pulling somebody is maybe one of the
most depressing things i've ever
experienced he was like i never felt
more like crying in my life that was
danny and he was an excellent nfl player
it's one of my favorite reality bits in
a long time every single episode he
references his wife in some way to what
is happening and it's great it doesn't
matter what they're doing like they'll
be in the most recent episode they had
to jump off of a high thing in the water
and he's just like my wife kiki and i we
went on vacation and she jumped off this
big rock so then i had to jump off the
big rock so thank you kiki for preparing
me for this moment every [__] episode
we're like seven episodes in and there's
at least one kiki mentioned per episode
and yeah that's fantastic it's you
almost wonder like
he he makes every opportunity he gets on
camera to go like hey just so y'all know
i love my wife a lot and she's awesome
and she's the best and she's my she's my
motivation for everything in life just
just just saying that i haven't said it
yet today on camera so just so you guys
know
yeah it's one of three things either he
as a joke like made an agreement that he
would bring his like him and his wife
had like a bet of like i bet you i could
bring you up every episode that's
happening
or he just naturally talks about his
wife kiki all the time or the people
that are interviewing him for those
interviews like noticed it was a thing
and have like set him up to do it every
episode either way it's great i'm loving
it or fourth he got in trouble and he's
apologizing every chance he can on
camera
just throwing that out there just
reminding everybody i love my wife she's
the best i'm saying to gavin i was
trying to get him to watch it jeff a
great moment from this season of when
every episode they change partners
uh yeah and so they're getting ready to
do this challenge and before it starts
tyson is like trying to hype them hype
up him and his partner talking about how
they're like they're gonna win and he's
like somebody in the house said that
they rode 12 miles on a bike once that's
not even a warm-up and then his partner
laughed and said tyson i'm the one who
said that and he like so genuinely
looked at them was like oh [__] you were
alyssa 12 miles is not even a warm-up
it's great it's a very good season
i've had a you know um you know i've had
problems in the past with like carpet
mushrooms and sink mushrooms yeah i
forgot but yes i'm always just afraid of
like your life is like it follows with
mushrooms yeah i just don't want to die
of like inhaling mold so i'm always
slightly wary of stuff and i found
i had this little canvas lent up against
my
wall in my office it's like under my
desk
and i moved it recently and
on the skirt
i'm just like oh
that's that looks like water damage
looks like
some rot
um so then we had people out checking
the roof
turns out yeah there's a there's a hole
in the roof it's just like been leaking
down into the
into the house so the guy was like yeah
we should probably take a look in the
wall and uh i guess in my head i thought
you know he's just gonna fill a little
hole and snake a camera in maybe
and he and uh i'm just let him into my
office and uh he eventually was like
yeah it's all good in the wall it must
have been just like a tiny amount of
water that's
just done that through the wood but
there's there's no like pooling water in
there there's no
there's no real damage so uh
yep you're all good and then i went into
my office
[Laughter]
oh thanks
thanks for uh
cutting open three different holes
[Laughter]
that's not an easy repair i thought i'd
be able to patch it not the way he cut
it it's not
and they're so jank like he didn't even
make him square i don't know what we're
gonna do with that i i'll tell you one
thing you're gonna do you're gonna cut
more away you're not fitting you're like
the first thing to do you have to do is
make that hole bigger unfortunately he's
got between three different studs all
the jauntiest angles
and then he stacked up all the pieces
like a puzzle next to it it was like he
made his cuts on a teeter-totter the way
they go up and down
there's no reason for it to be that why
would he do it that way
that's so bad
so did you get your roof repaired yeah
yeah
that's uh that's sorted out and i i was
expecting a much more dire situation
i mean if you hadn't moved that picture
you would have had them the uh the only
thing saving you probably the only thing
saving you
in the world is that it hasn't rained in
texas in 900 days yeah yeah except that
it did rain yesterday a little bit on my
house i don't know if it rained it years
these are the the puzzle pieces he left
those those puzzle pieces fit right in
the trash
[Laughter]
i've always like you know carefully
taken off like a yeah i don't know like
a network panel and i've been snaking up
cables through tiny holes i never
thought to just gouge the entire wall
open because that would have saved me so
much sweat and time like is that an easy
fix
what do i do with that
i mean it's an easy fix for some people
yeah i would hire probably someone to do
it
uh
is this something you want is it it's
not hard
you're just gonna need to buy wall board
and
cuts
cut it well you're gonna have to you're
gonna have to straighten that [__] out
that is a mess
first
and then is that thing to the left it
that's uh looks like it's covered in
insulation is that a pipe or something
or is that a two by four
just looks like another stud with
installation foam
okay okay so you can you can hammer or
screw into that
safely
yeah
okay
yeah you could do that that's a that's a
couple that's like a two-hour project on
a saturday you want me to help you you
want help you want me to come help you
do it
[Laughter]
that'd be good content i've never done
i've never done a patch job
that big before but how hard could it be
i mean i'm tempted just to put the
puzzle pieces back in and just i don't
know patch it all back in
you can try i mean we could try that
first say it save you money and time if
you can do that
[Laughter]
i really want jeff to come over and for
you guys to cut more out and then
somehow [__] up more and gavin's just
gonna have to replace the whole wall
like every attempt just incrementally
makes it a larger hole it doesn't
actually fix the problem
is that the back leg of a desk that i'm
seeing in the photo yeah that's my i'm
sat at that desk now so okay so that's
under where your feet are yeah
okay has the cat gotten it are any of
the cats gotten in there yet yeah
yeah they will you know
cats cats are getting your walls yeah
yeah make sure they can't like climb up
any higher but there's just tons of
other insulation that they can't get
past so that's fine
when i was like 14 or 15 we're
renovating a bathroom and like we took
out the back of
the tub wall and then our cat hopped
down the hole and we couldn't get it out
so we had to like cut half the other
wall open to be able to reach the cat
like it just caught it delayed the
project by months and made everything so
much more expensive because that dumb
cat hopped down the smallest hole and
just had no way to get out it was
impossible
it's a disaster i'm glad that your cats
are able to get in and out oh they love
a new hole yeah it's one of their
favorite things yeah i was kind of
worried that there would just be a gap
like all the way down through the floor
that they could fall in but it that
there is there is like a floor there so
that's good good are you is this on the
first floor of your house yeah it's
upstairs that's upstairs oh okay
and it didn't drip any further down
nope oh yeah you must have caught it
really fast and also benefited from the
fact that we're in a tremendous drought
do you have a fridge jeff yeah are you
still waiting for your fridge did it
ever arrive well is it february of 2023
okay
i just wanted to check it no i don't i
have i still have a fridge i still have
i i have a fridge that i feel like do
you know how like sometimes you'll look
at your you'll just check to see what's
my what's my max
iphone battery at now and you're like as
long as it's like over like 95 96 i'm
still good i don't need to worry about
replacing it you know and you'll look
and it'll be like oh 98 still oh that's
cool i'm still still got a lot of good
battery life uh in this battery
sometimes like when i got rid of my last
phone my battery was like it was like
your max charge can get to 87 i was like
[__] that i gotta get a new phone
uh i uh
i assume
what the [__] was i talking about
new fridge
oh yeah my fridge my fridge if i could
check ah damn man i'm getting dumb
my uh my fridge
i would estimate the max capacity uh uh
would if it were an iphone battery would
be like 78 percent right now and like
cooling ability yeah just like
functionability functionality and i
would say it was like it was probably
like in the 80s uh
earlier this year so i'm thinking by the
end of the year it might be in the high
60s like it's it's it's it's
i can feel it dying a little bit every
day i'm just
hoping against hope that it doesn't die
until
february how many percent a month do you
think you're losing i think i'm losing
two or three percent a month right now
okay
and what are you currently at i think
i'm in the 70s i think i was i think i
was probably in the high 80s when this
whole thing started and then i think you
know what [__] dude maybe i'm in the low
70s right now yeah
i think i'm being too optimistic i think
i'm in the low 70s right now and i could
dip into the 60s before the summer's
over andrew what percentage a month do
your ankles lose
right now we're flying at a steady
hundred percent and we're going to keep
it that way until like with covid you're
at 100 that's pretty impressive yeah
well something always has to be wrong so
i think it's going to trade off we went
upper body instead of the lower body
dude
the second you get over that kovid
you're going to get jock itch watch out
oh i hope not that would be
ugh it's not terrible does this help you
come to the us any sooner having covered
now
oh no
oh
not really you'll be like super immune
for a while yeah natural immunity for a
bit yeah the best time for you to come
would be like next week probably
i don't um
there's i think i would go to the us
either for like a scheduled event or it
would be completely unannounced and i'd
just do it
who are you hiding from
nobody i just i i think i think it would
be funny
to record one of these
in texas without telling you guys and
just to be like hey last week i was in
austin recording no i don't think i'd do
it then i think i would i'd want to
spend time with both of you and everyone
everyone else here why do you want to
hide from us and not mention it
well no i think it would be funny to do
it though within the context of a bit of
an episode reveal at the end then
obviously spend time from there probably
like a week
so just one day i'd schedule it so like
on a thursday would be like day one so
are you coming here first or are we
going there first that's i i don't know
let me sound like you were coming in
november let me ask you a question
andrew
how are you at patching drywall
maybe maybe i'm a savant at it we don't
know i've never done it probably not
good probably terrible i'd love to hire
you for a job i have
okay so if i was so
hmm let me look at this hole how i would
solve this problem not knowing anything
what i would need i would need
uh some glue i would need some nails
i would need
paint
and i would need another wall
what are you doing
he's gonna glue the puzzle back together
or yeah so initially i thought maybe i
glue but then i realized with nails you
brought up a great point i could nail
maybe i just need what um okay so i get
wood i nail between
slats
right make it solid
how do i make a wall
hey can i craft the wall
you sound like someone who's shopping
from the end caps of home depot
you know what [__] sucks about this
looking at it a little closer he's cut
or they they have cut
two and i think i suspect in some spots
below your floorboard there
so that's probably gonna have to come
off the screen yeah yeah to repair this
and that's [__] annoying and above
that i like that he's just gouged a line
where he clearly
went up a bit too high yeah oh yeah yeah
you can see his skill saw kept going
yeah
i think if i had to repair this
realistically i would just put a larger
piece of wood over it and then paint it
to look like something else i would just
fully cover the wall yeah
this doesn't look like he's used any
sort of power tool to me it just looks
like he's got like a handheld drywall
saw and just gone absolutely ape [__]
not tried to make any corners
i think
how how committed are you to fixing this
yourself versus paying to get somebody
to do it for you i mean i like doing
stuff
myself i just wouldn't really know where
to start with this all right well i
don't have any skills i'm telling you
man i uh i am more than happy to come
over this weekend and figure this out
how hard can it be i've patched walls
before
you're gonna need we're gonna need uh
some probably some new wall board we're
gonna need some of that mesh
uh that you put uh that you then like
apply like joint compound to to and then
we'll need the um
uh
the sandpaper that you wrap around the
stone or like that the rubber thing to
smooth it out and then we'll just need
primer and whatever color paint you have
we can do that no glue
no i think we're gonna be okay without
glue
i think we'll be fine and i don't think
we'll use any nails either i think we'll
probably use screws well you guys
figured that out i will draw step by
step how i would fix this and i'll send
it to you just in case you have any
issues if you need to be much
appreciated and we can only follow your
instructions
now that is a recipe for a great bit for
face if you're willing to
to let that happen to your house kevin
either way we've got content because
even if i do hire some guy to fix this i
could
we can keep all the pieces of wool for
the museum
that's true
i hope you'll get creative with your
solutions andrew to give us a more fun
and robust experience trying to fix this
wall
what about a staple gun
nail gun that could be good yeah we
could use it you know what else we could
do gav yeah
we've got your wall opened up we could
put in uh we could put in something in
into your wall for somebody time capsule
little time capsule yeah a little bit
load of old razor
face time capsule
oh my god yeah we could just put in a
bunch of razor blades from 2022.
people rip over the wall be like this
wasn't even a bathroom
i like the idea of the face time capsule
though that should definitely go
somewhere
yeah in your wall
or in the bean hole
or in a beetle that's true oh
oh that reminds me eric said we should
start wrapping up uh i had an idea
yesterday
i was looking at the pictures eric took
from the does it do shoot it got me
thinking should we make an end of the
year like 2022 face yearbook
kind of like high school with like funny
like photos from throughout the year and
funny moments it would essentially be
like the plused up version of the zine
we never made yeah that'd be kind of
cool right like a year a year in review
year and a year uh like a memories book
of like of the last year [__] face and
would be is that just like a single item
or is that something we make and sell
well i think we'd sell it yeah we would
make it and print it and sell it and
then you could get you could we could
autograph each other's books and give
each other
oh that's the sweetest we could put in
the the current face shirt that's for
sale too
yeah that's true but only an extra
medium
you'd be like yeah like hey really had
it really had a fun time with you at a
place in this year
andrew and uh uh really really excited
that things are going so well with your
ankles uh good luck next year see in
2023 you know
can the next shirt we sell just have xm
in the collar
it's not a real thing so no
that's for medium large what you're
looking for is an l
yeah he's wrong
he's not he's so right i'm very right
it's weird it's weird because
what is the gap between medium to large
what are we working on
i bet you there's room for an extra
medium
i need to draw a dime if there is room
for if there's room for an extra medium
it would be larger than a medium and
smaller than a large so it would not be
what gavin's asking for what do you mean
so i just i searched shirt sizes
chest and inches medium 38 inch to 40
inch large
41-43 so you're looking at like a 40.5
would be an extra medium that's a
millenium
i'm making a diagram here
okay
what's the psi i'm excited for the
diagram no i'm jazzed that was a sigh of
excitement that was i've never heard of
the less genuine i was just i'm excited
jazz
are you kidding me
so this i just need to be gonna draw a
[__] diagram to show us all how
you're wrong i mean what are you gonna
draw just a shirt and then another shirt
like i could draw it too gavin
yeah draw extra medium i will okay
how do i try to how do i make the pencil
thick yeah okay then this bit okay
please please don't cut any of this out
nick yeah make sure this is the gold
this is the good i'm jazzing about this
so let's keep
taking a photo
so eric while they're drawing uh to get
ready for face today i didn't have i
don't have anything planned uh and so i
thought real fast i'd look up i just
looked up uh
wacky like baseball facts and i found
like 35 insane baseball facts and here's
one a lot of it's stuff we already know
and a lot of stuff that's not super
interesting but here's one that i was
not aware of let me see if you've heard
of uh in the mid 1800s you could get out
or be put out uh while running between
the bases by having the ball thrown
directly at you yeah thrown at you 1880s
baseball was you and out would be off of
one bounce like when hit to like the
outfield but also you could
hit one of the runners with the baseball
yeah they would be out it's pretty cool
it was they changed it in the mid 1800s
uh and players were resistant to the
change which by the way getting hit by
somebody just [__] being in the ball
like you did not to throw and knock you
out it was called patching
and uh
players didn't want to get rid of it
because they considered it an important
and masculine part of the game well a
thing they used to do also was uh you
could call for where you wanted the ball
to be pitched to you you could ask for
it high or low
and then what happened was
i think the uh i think babe ruth and the
rest of murderers row went give it to me
high and crushed a million home runs and
they went well this rule is different
now
uh so that that rule changed
crazy right that's pretty crazy did you
know that during world war ii the united
states military military designed
grenades to be the size and weight of
baseballs since every young american man
should be able to properly throw it
isn't that cool that's really that makes
sense i think that's really cool i think
that's awesome
i think that's pretty neat too is that
why we won the war
i would assume so it would have ended a
lot quicker if jeff was out there
throwing 80 mile per hour grenades
i'll throw an 80 mile 80 mile per hour
ball right around the time you do a
marathon how about that
uh this is gavin's drawing an incredibly
detailed drawing i assume well i'm just
waiting for um microsoft paint to
unfreeze again every time i save it
it freezes for about a minute i'm long
done with the drawing
okay so
andrew just drew
that's the tag on the inside of the
shirt oh that's the tag on the shirt
14.5 extra medium okay
i like that very quick that's that's way
better that's way better way better than
the nails you do earlier all right now
tweet and say what did i draw sponges
jeff
that's still uh did it unfreeze yet you
take a picture on your phone or
something i mean it's eventually gonna
save
well that's will it oh oh there we go
i like that your computer can't handle
ms paint
here you can put your musk i bet your
computer would catch on fire if you try
to play freestyle
what i i think i won hey hey guys
all yours all all yours i don't have
anything to say about that
okay okay okay okay
okay
for the audience who may not be able to
see this
uh he has denoted the following sizes in
this order
extra small small
medium
extra medium
medium again
large extra large
i am a little confused by going from
medium to extra medium back to medium if
it's extra medium it couldn't be more
medium so that means the other variants
of medium have to be on either side of
it
there's literally one more on the right
of extra medium that is more medium
you
you are if its scale is increasing
extra small is it more small it's
smaller than small extra large isn't is
more large
extra medium is more medium you can't
you
what you're doing is you're flying in
the face i understand that extra small
and extra large are are polar opposites
right like they they flip the script on
that it's weird oh my god like extra
small smaller than small but extra large
is larger than large i get that's
confusing but you can't take you can't
take the best of both and cram them
together and have medium extra medium
medium again
they're all the same [__] size man i
i think that's the marketing slogan for
extra money
that's when there's only one black line
below media but my point is is the extra
medium is not large
from now on on the it's just medium
store do we have to sell
small extra medium and large we don't
sell regular mediums anymore we sell
extra i think they should all be extra
medium
whatever that means to whoever's buying
this and then we just get people mad
because it's actually just medium and
not a larger medium
if you were buying if you wanted extra
medium and you got medium you cannot be
disappointed there
i think all you've showed is
disappointment that's all i felt
looking at this thing this is the face
of disappointment
but if you had to put it anywhere on
that scale where else would you put it
other than there
i don't i have no idea eric's saying it
would be under large oh it would be
before large i would put it i'd put it
above medium i'd go medium and extra
medium in the space before large yeah
you're gonna well first off you gotta
get a 40.5 there's no need for two
mediums at an extra medium you got a
medium and an extra medium it's a 4.5
40.5
oh my god why do we have three mediums
we do this one medium
he drew he put it he put medium on there
twice and is saying there's one medium
well he's he's referring to the hash
marks he drew but
he couldn't have created a more
confusing document
there's gonna be one person who agrees
me that's where that should go on the
scale
i'm sure out of seven and a half billion
people on earth there is one person who
will agree with you yeah i i think and i
bet we could find that person if we
looked hard enough
job done
all right
[Laughter]
i i kind of just wanted to give eric a
headache for this
two lines for small and two lines for
large and one line for medium but three
let like [__] this yeah it's it's
it's absolutely insane
all kinds of andrew levels of [__]
absolutely
hey gavin you're the andrew of this
episode i can't believe you did this
call you greg jr
all right well uh there you go
uh you probably you probably made it to
the end of this maybe you didn't if you
didn't then you don't hear this so it
doesn't matter but those of you that are
listening to this
i applaud you thank you uh you are you
you
heroes don't wear capes that's clear
uh
maybe listen again next time uh it'll be
episode 119.
uh i don't know that doesn't reference
that's it means nothing
but other than it'll be one after this
one and one before episode 120. the
extra medium conversation wasn't even in
this episode
hey guys super fan jack here with a look
at next week's episode of face
jeff's bedroom is on the death star it's
hot pot without gavin town lake flooded
the jock hitch won't go away canadian
end caps are huge extra medium is not a
thing what the hell is marge and once
again andrew does not eat the pencil all
that and more on next week's episode of
face